With both hands, Maria stepped into the
bath, ready to begin her daily ritual.
The path she walked each morning led her
to reflect on the earth and its wonders.
This month marked a year since the birth
of her daughter, a joyous occasion that
had forever changed her perspective on
life and death.
Faith had always been important to Maria,
but now it took on new meaning as she
witnessed the growth of her child.
The worth of every moment became clearer,
and she treasured her family's health
above all else.
As she dried off, Maria pondered the
truth of her existence.
She realized that wealth wasn't just
about money, but about the richness of
experiences and relationships.
With this understanding came a newfound
strength, one that would guide her
through whatever challenges lay ahead.